I am on the battlefield for my Lord.
I am on the battlefield for my Lord. I promised him that I would serve him till I die. I am on the battlefield for my Lord.
I was a alone and idle. I was a sinner too.
I heard a voice from heaven saying what I could do, saying what I could do.
I took my massive hand,
and I joined the Christian band. I am on the battlefield for my Lord.
I am on the battlefield for my Lord. I am on the battlefield for my Lord. I promised him that I would serve him till I die. I am on the battlefield for my Lord.
I left my friends and kindred bound for the promised land.
The grace of God upon me.
The Bible in my hand.
In distant lands I trod
Crying, sinner, won't you come to God? I am on the battlefield for my Lord.
I am on the battlefield for my Lord. I am on the battlefield for my Lord. I promised him that I would serve him till I die. I am on the battlefield for my Lord.